[UpgradeFile] Introduce upgrade from Sylius 1.12 with PriceHistoryPlugin to Sylius 1.13 (#14900)
Sylius/Sylius: UPGRADE-FROM-1.12-WITH-PRICE-HISTORY-PLUGIN-TO-1.13.md

> ⚙️ Upgrade from Sylius 1.12 with PriceHistoryPlugin to Sylius 1.13

Reviewer: IMO it should be a part of UPGRADE-1.13 file, at most, the legacy instruction can be separated out

Reviewer 2: I'd be for leaving those files as they are and simply adding a note to the main upgrade file, something like `If you've been using the Sylius\PriceHistoryPlugin follow the instructions in <link>`.
It's an optional plugin, leaving the instructions in a separate file will reduce the clutter a bit.

==================================================================

We encourage you to use the upgrade instructions based on Rector as it is more convenient and faster to accomplish.
The legacy installation guide is available [here](UPGRADE-FROM-1.12-WITH-PRICE-HISTORY-PLUGIN-TO-1.13-LEGACY.md).

Upgrade with Rector
-------------------

1. Remove the PriceHistoryPlugin from composer.json by running:
    ```bash
    composer remove sylius/price-history-plugin --no-scripts
    ```

> 1. Update your `<project_root>/rector.php` file:

Reviewer: Add blank lines between points
```suggestion

1. Update your `<project_root>/rector.php` file:
```

⚙️ Upgrade from Sylius 1.12 with PriceHistoryPlugin to Sylius 1.13
==================================================================

We encourage you to use the upgrade instructions based on Rector as it is more convenient and faster to accomplish.
The legacy installation guide is available [here](UPGRADE-FROM-1.12-WITH-PRICE-HISTORY-PLUGIN-TO-1.13-LEGACY.md).

Upgrade with Rector
-------------------

1. Remove the PriceHistoryPlugin from composer.json by running:

    ```bash
    composer remove sylius/price-history-plugin --no-scripts
    ```

1. Update your `<project_root>/rector.php` file:

    ```diff
    + use Sylius\SyliusRector\Set\SyliusPriceHistory;
    
    return static function (RectorConfig $rectorConfig): void {
        // ...

>     +    $rectorConfig->sets([SyliusPriceHistory::UPGRADE_SYLIUS_1_12_WITH_PRICE_HISTORY_PLUGIN_TO_SYLIUS_1_13]);

Reviewer 3: I would mention here to make sure that the previous configuration (if someone used rector to install the plugin) is removed, because you will end up with an endless loop of rector adding and removing traits

```suggestion
    +    $rectorConfig->sets([SyliusPriceHistory::UPGRADE_SYLIUS_1_12_WITH_PRICE_HISTORY_PLUGIN_TO_SYLIUS_1_13]);
    -    $rectorConfig->sets([SyliusPriceHistory::PRICE_HISTORY_PLUGIN])
```

    -    prefix: '/%sylius_admin.path_name%'
    ```

1. Update your resources configuration for `ChannelPricingLogEntry` and `ChannelPriceHistoryConfig` if you have changed them in your project:

    ```diff
    - sylius_price_history:
    + sylius_core:
         resources:
             channel_price_history_config:
                 classes:
                     model: App\Entity\ChannelPriceHistoryConfig
                     ...
             channel_pricing_log_entry:
                 classes:
                     model: App\Entity\ChannelPricingLogEntry
                     ...
    ```

   followed by this change to configure the `batch_size` option in the upgraded version, you will need to use the `sylius_core.price_history.batch_size` root node instead of `sylius_price_history.batch_size`.

1. The `Sylius\PriceHistoryPlugin\Application\Calculator\ProductVariantLowestPriceCalculator` class along with its interface has been removed.
   If you have used it in your project, you should also remove it from your code.

   Use `Sylius\Component\Core\Calculator\ProductVariantPriceCalculator` instead, as it has been extended with the `calculateLowestPrice` method.

> 1. Rebuild the cache:

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure, but I think it's the right place to require Sylius 1.13 and redirect to the rest of the changes in Sylius 1.13 (UPGRADE-1.13.md) before proceeding the cache rebuild, because if we do that the application may explode

The legacy installation guide is available [here](UPGRADE-FROM-1.12-WITH-PRICE-HISTORY-PLUGIN-TO-1.13-LEGACY.md).

Upgrade with Rector
-------------------

1. Remove the PriceHistoryPlugin from composer.json by running:

    ```bash
    composer remove sylius/price-history-plugin --no-scripts
    ```

1. Update your `<project_root>/rector.php` file:

    ```diff
    + use Sylius\SyliusRector\Set\SyliusPriceHistory;
    
    return static function (RectorConfig $rectorConfig): void {
        // ...
    +    $rectorConfig->sets([SyliusPriceHistory::UPGRADE_SYLIUS_1_12_WITH_PRICE_HISTORY_PLUGIN_TO_SYLIUS_1_13]);
    };
    ```

1. Run:

    ```bash
    vendor/bin/rector
    ```

1. Make sure to remove the following config from your `config/packages/sylius_price_history_plugin.yaml` file:

    ```diff
    -  - { resource: "@SyliusPriceHistoryPlugin/config/config.yaml" }
    ```
   And also the route from your `config/routes/sylius_price_history_plugin.yaml`:
    ```diff
    - sylius_price_history_admin:
    -    resource: '@SyliusPriceHistoryPlugin/config/admin_routing.yaml'
    -    prefix: '/%sylius_admin.path_name%'
    ```

> 1. Remember to update your resource configuration for `ChannelPricingLogEntry` and `ChannelPriceHistoryConfig` if you have changed it in your project:
> 
>     ```diff
>     - sylius_price_history:
>     -     resources:
>     -         channel_pricing_log_entry:
>     -             classes:
>     -                 model: Tests\Sylius\PriceHistoryPlugin\Application\Entity\ChannelPricingLogEntry
> 
>     + sylius_core:
>     +     resources:
>     +         channel_pricing_log_entry:
>     +             classes:
>     +                 model: Sylius\Component\Core\Model\ChannelPricingLogEntry
>     ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Update your resources configuration for `ChannelPricingLogEntry` and `ChannelPriceHistoryConfig` if you have changed them in your project:

    ```diff
    - sylius_price_history:
    + sylius_core:
         resources:
             channel_price_history_config:
                 classes:
                     model: App\Entity\ChannelPriceHistoryConfig
                     ...
             channel_pricing_log_entry:
                 classes:
                     model: App\Entity\ChannelPricingLogEntry
                     ...
    ```
```
I don't see a point in having 2 diffs just because there are 2 resources.
Elipsees to indicate more than just `model` nodes may have been overwritten.
Besides that, we're missing a note about the `sylius_price_history.batch_size => sylius_core.price_history.batch_size` change.

    -    resource: '@SyliusPriceHistoryPlugin/config/admin_routing.yaml'
    -    prefix: '/%sylius_admin.path_name%'

    ```

1. Update your resources configuration for `ChannelPricingLogEntry` and `ChannelPriceHistoryConfig` if you have changed them in your project:

    ```diff

    - sylius_price_history:
    + sylius_core:
         resources:
             channel_price_history_config:
                 classes:
                     model: App\Entity\ChannelPriceHistoryConfig
                     ...
             channel_pricing_log_entry:
                 classes:
                     model: App\Entity\ChannelPricingLogEntry
                     ...
         price_history:
             batch_size: 100
                     ...

    ```

1. The `Sylius\PriceHistoryPlugin\Application\Calculator\ProductVariantLowestPriceCalculator` class along with its interface has been removed.
   If you have used it in your project, you should also remove it from your code.

   Use `Sylius\Component\Core\Calculator\ProductVariantPriceCalculator` instead, as it has been extended with the `calculateLowestPrice` method.

1. Go through the rest of the [Sylius 1.13 upgrade file](UPGRADE-1.13.md).

> 1. Rebuild the cache:
> 
>     ```bash
> 
>     bin/console cache:clear
>     bin/console cache:warmup
> 
>    ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
I don't think this point is necessary since the previous one asks you to go back to the main upgrade file.

Author: I would leave it as is to remind to clear the cache. The previous point was about going through the upgrade file to ensure nothing is forgotten, and this one is like the end. I don't see any disadvantages in leaving it this way

Reviewer 2: IMO, given that this whole file is the first point in the main upgrade file, I highly doubt anyone will go back to it.
